# Crop-Prediction-Based-on-Region-Wise-Weather-Data

Agriculture is a primordial occupation for human civilization, whereby farming is the domesticated species of food. It means generally farming which is an art and science that ventures try to reform a component of Earth's exterior through the cultivation of plants and other crops also as raising livestock for sustenance or other necessities for the soul and economic gain. Because healthy agriculture is so important to the well-being of the country, it has been the preparation of the most exciting new technological innovations. Through artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and more, scientists and farmers have been finding ways to increase crop production, use less water, and reduce negative impacts on the environment. Weather plays a significant role in the growth and development of a crop. Crop cultivation is mostly depending on the local weather such as rainfall, temperature, humidity, and wind speed. If the weather is predicted before cultivation, then it would be instrumental to the farmer for crop cultivation. Machine Learning is an innovation that can solve peoples‘ real-life problems. It is a technique where a machine can act like a human and learn themselves through experiences and the use of different types of data. Now a day, Agriculture is one of the fields of machine learning where we use different types of machine learning algorithms to predict crop production based on climate data which can benefit farmers to develop the production of the crop. In these studies, we are going to predict crops using Random Forests based on predicted weather data.
